Agile Values
============

Individuals and actions over processes and tools
================================================

---

A group of strong players can fail if they don't work as a team

---

A strong player may well be an average programmer who works well with others

---

Don't assume that you've outgrown a tool until you've tried it

---

Building the team is more important than building the environment

Working software over comprehensive documentation
=================================================

---

Code is not the ideal medium for communicating the rationale and structure of a system

---

Too much documentation is worse than too little

---

Short and salient

---

Make new team members welcome through close training and interaction

---

Code does not lie about what it does

Customer collaboration over comprehensive documentation
=======================================================

---

Software cannot be ordered like a commondity

---

Successful projects involve customer feedback on a regular basis

---

The best contracts are those that govern the way the development team and customer will work together

---

The key to success is intense collaboration with the customer

Responding to change over following a plan
==========================================

---

When we build plans, we need to make sure our plans are flexible

---

The course of a software project cannot be planned very far in the future

---

Plans should have decreasing resolution

Agile Principles
================

---

Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of software

---

Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Agile processes harness change for the customer's competitive advantage.

---

Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter time scale

---

Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.

---

Build projects around motivated individuals. Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done.

---

The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation.

---

Working software is the primary measure of progress.

---

Agile processes promote sustainable development. The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.

---

Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility.

---

Simplicity - the art of maximizing the amount of work not done - is essential.

---

The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams.

---

At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and ajusts its behavior accordingly.
